Okay, so for this particular project,
that's pretty much it.
And hopefully, now you kind of understand
a little bit more of the process that you
have to go through.
If you wanted to use data that
was not made on your own, and
it was a dataset that you downloaded from
somewhere, usually, you would still have
to resize some images and pick the shape
of your tensor that you would want to use.
It's more of also a trial-and-error
kind of process, but that's it.
So we created a custom
machine learning model.
And what I want to show you next before
we finish is a few extra resources.
So first of all, when building
your own machine learning model,
I think I talked about it yesterday,
but my project of air street fighter,
I built it using the same kind of concept.
The model is not exactly the same
with the same amount of layers, but
in terms of figuring out what worked,
I used the same process.
I recorded a lot of live data from
gesture, so it was not images,
but it was live data from gestures.
Instead of tensor 1D, I just experimented
with tensor 2D, and I tried that,
and I tried different parameters.
And when I got to a point where the
accuracy was pretty good, then I kind of,
like, okay, I'm keeping that model and
then I'm building an interface around it.
So even though we've used images here,
you can use live data
coming from other places.
For example, yesterday when
we did transfer learning and
I showed you how you can use sound,
and then they transform the sound data
into spectrograms, you could use
a similar code that we wrote today.
But first, you would also have to create
the part that transforms the live data
from the getUserMedia or the Web Audio API
to then spectrograms, and
then you could save these images.
So it means that if you wanted to create
a machine learning model that recognizes
words that you spoke to a computer for
hello or thanks,
then you could represent that
audio data as a spectrogram.
And then just download these images and
create an audio recognition
model out of images as well.
So I haven't done that,
but I would be quite cool.
So I kinda had to pause this project,
but it's actually to use brain
sensor data to actually build a custom
model to recognize me blinking.
So it's not using the webcam,
it's not taking pictures,
I don't know if you can see.
I realized recently that I actually
never finished that project, but
I'm wearing a brain sensor on my head.
It's basically getting live
data from my neural activity.
And using the live data,
I can isolate the data coming from
the sensors that are closer to my head.
And when I'm blinking,
I'm basically gathering that data.
And what I had is I also visualized
it just to see what if I'm
getting raw data from the brain sensor,
do I even see a spike?
It can visualize the spike
when I'm blinking.
And as I see that it could,
then I'm like, okay,
if there's a difference between my
normal brain activity and when I blink.
There's a little spike, because all
of a sudden, I guess your visual,
I don't know how to say it.
But you're not seeing any more or you're
really using the muscles of your face and
that changes a little bit the data
that you get from the sensors,
you can then use that raw data and
train a machine learning model as well
to recognize certain facial expressions.
So what I wanted to do then is to create
a machine learning model to recognize more
thoughts patterns, or at least
different areas of my brain activity.
I wanted to double-check that at
least with blinking, it worked.
And then what I wanted to do is,
can I do a difference between blinking
with my right eye or my left eye?
So just to show you that you can play
with a lot of different types of data,
here we did images cuz it's a little bit,
let's say, faster to work with, but
you can find different ways to
experiment with data as well, and
different sensors and where you
get it from and things like that.
But basically, before we finish,
I just have some resources
that I wanted to show as well.
Yesterday, there was a question about,
do you know an example of
TensorFlow.js used in production?
So I did some research and there's
actually in the TensorFlow.js blog,
there's actually a few examples of
companies using TensorFlow.js for
production applications.
For example, LinkedIn, use TensorFlow.js.
I didn't read the article totally,
but I thought it was cool that your
company like LinkedIn, I think it was for
performance, used certain things.
I can let you read it, but
I just wanted to give you some examples.
If you feel like,
now that you know TensorFlow.js maybe you
can pitch some ideas in your company.
What I really liked is that Adobe used
a TensorFlow.js to enhance a Photoshop
for web.
So I think recently, they made
a Photoshop accessible in the browser and
they used TensorFlow.js to make it better.
So I thought that was pretty cool as well.
Photoshop is a tool that maybe
a lot of people use, and
I thought it was really cool that
a company like Adobe uses that as well.
And I mentioned briefly, maybe in
the conversation yesterday, predictive
prefetching, and that is basically using
navigation data from Google Analytics.
If you have Google Analytics
hooked up to your website, and
you can get the navigation
data from your users,
you can use all of that data to
train a machine learning model.
And then kind of have an idea of how
many times certain links or certain
pages are visited by your users, and you
can prefetch the assets for performance.
To improve performance, instead of
prefetching things only when people
are clicking, you can prefetch in advance
and that is optimizing your performance.
So that's another example.
But in general, if you want to keep in
touch with what's going on in WebML,
then there's a newsletter that
is written by Jason Mayes,
who is actually working at Google on the
developer advocacy team for TensorFlow.js.
So I think it's maybe monthly, yeah,
monthly, he sends a newsletter with
the updates and projects from
the community and things like that.
So if you want to keep in touch,
that's a good resource.
And there's another one as well on
YouTube where you have a series.
It looks like the last one was a year ago.
So maybe they stopped doing it, but it's
still a good resource to see how far you
can really get what can
be done with TensorFlow.
Obviously, here, radiological image
segmentation, that looks pretty cool,
very different from what
we've been doing here.
But here, reinforcement learning,
we didn't do this here, but obviously,
apparently, you can do
it with TensorFlow.js.
And this, yes, all of these
are examples from the community.
Either people who've done things maybe on
their job and they're talking about it, or
really just open source projects
that you can check out.
So there's quite a few videos in there and
I can give you an idea of how you can get
the knowledge that you've had, hopefully
that you've gained in this workshop and
then go a step further as well.
So all these resources are available
on the course website and
there's probably more out there.
But again, now that you've learned at
least the basics, the three main things
that you can do with TensorFlow, then it's
up to you to experiment with different
ideas or look at the docs and
try different types of layers or
architectures and
see really where you can take it.
But thank you for
joining me in this workshop.
Hope you've had fun and I really hope
that you take what you've learned and
that you really take it far.
And maybe I'll see in the wild some
of your projects that you build.
But yeah, thank you very much.
>> [APPLAUSE]